hey everybody welcome back to northern
line please planning wise again 3 plus
we all are blue baby we're an exciting
experience all the other babies are pink
ish well that's not true some of the
like apollyon is gray the loss is like
mega white oh we just had a subscription
press that switch prime button blue
baby's blue a basil is black
we just got like there's a lot of
diversity here 6 1 QQ w VA a blue baby
WV a a West Virginia Alcoholics
Anonymous you thought I was going to
make a joke but actually I'm going to
think it's time to highlight a serious
issue plaguing I can't think of a single
city in West Virginia hear me out your
West Virginia which means good these
include that's a different place
altogether West Virginia's number one
city is Chesapeake Chesapeake I'm sorry
West Virginians I'm trying here give me
a second West Virginia cities by
population Charleston of course is the
classic way you always remember it
Charlestown Morgantown Huntington
wheeling Beckley mom's burned in
Parkersburg Clarksburg and Fairmont and
Harpers Ferry blue field in Elkins in
Charlestown and Princeton
you know everybody should know this and
of course the state bird is a Northern
Cardinal are you telling me that West
Virginia has a city called Charleston
and a city called Charlestown this is
why I can never take people seriously
when they're you complain about me
mispronouncing like something from their
hometown well this is quite the surprise
isn't it obviously we'll take this can
we we can exit without dying for certain
shouldn't have done that deal with the
devil leave it was worth a try
in the sense that it wasn't worth it at
all but like we got brimstone nine lines
out of this floor regardless so it's
pretty sick anyway what the heck was I
even talking about I've recognized that
we in Canada we have our own weird names
for things
I would like we have a lot of weird ones
moose factory Thunder Bay this is where
I say that something is weird and then
someone comes in and tells me that
actually it's like a incredibly you know
sacred Native American word but anyway
First Nations Aboriginal Trina Jennifer
Lopez four kids and I got to take all
their bad access to showbiz uh leave
anything here nothing here apparently a
town in Newfoundland called dildo is
that mouse pointer off that screen these
are weird names
I still think moose factories the
weirdest for sure but
it's got a lot of stuff named after
England as well there's a London Ontario
there's a York there's a North York
there's a Yorkdale mall I can't think of
any other English city names there's
probably a Wales somewhere I don't know
Camden and I ain't talking about New
Jersey I don't even know where I'm going
with this if I had to do a power ranking
of American state cell and I'd like to
do it because I don't shy away from
offending apparently like eighty percent
of my audience base I'm just going to
tell you right now from a Canadian
perspective here's some top-tier states
in no particular order s tier states
Washington State Big Ups Seattle I like
you culturally very similar to in fact
Washington State's is more culturally
similar to Vancouver than our adjacent
province Alberta California a lot of
people got bad words for California I
got nothing but nice things to say I
hate Los Angeles San Francisco's pretty
cool and I hear that you know Northern
California is pretty awesome as well New
York State how could I refuse
can't forget about a New York state of
mind like California a great tradition
in the hip hop industry which is
obviously a huge criteria for me as a
hip hop enthusiast of the highest
magnitude you guys heard of this guy of
vanilla ice we got some heat protected
also attack well this guy come on give
me money please um plus most populous
city in Canada or the US New York City
in case you were confused I wasn't
talking about Rochester Utica to
Syracuse other cities in upstate New
York that I'm starting to struggle to
remember the name of
where's where's the bolt castle let's in
Rochester I think I'm stalling yeah
we'll take compost let's do it uh Tyler
top to your states you know what I'm
going to give it to Texas here's the
deal I don't necessarily agree with all
Texan ideals but I accept that Texas is
a surprisingly diverse state cultural
hubs like Austin San Antonio huge city
in Houston Dallas big city as well it's
a cosmopolitan place respect that you
got your own thing going up I respect
that
part of the Texas identity is that you
know you're texting before your American
that's kind of cool again not you know a
hundred percent necessarily on my list
of places to live but I respect that
nonetheless and I think you've got to
give them any state that could
reasonably secede and you would probably
roll your eyes but just be like well if
anybody's going to do it that makes
sense I'll give it to you though I think
if I'm going to preserve the s tier as
being as being you know very special
those are my three states New York
Caliphate forces New York California
Washington State and Texas
congratulations those are my s2 your
state I'm not going to go through every
American state that's just ridiculous I
think we're going to go eights here you
got to throw Hawaii in there you know
not quite s tier because I think it's
predominantly you know for most people
it's a place you go for tourism not
necessarily to live although maybe it's
a dream location for some people
I throw Oregon in there again culturally
similar to the west coast obviously I
got my own personal bias in there
because they it is the west coast so I
like Portland I played mention gathering
there once it was a relatively fun time
I like your bar K and craft beer scene
take tractor beam it's really nice to
yours upgrade actually I'll tell you
what I'll get all of the eastern states
that have robust economies or at least
large populations that I'm unfamiliar
with let's throw them in here Illinois
get in here Illinois you got Chicago
I've never been but I've heard things
Pennsylvania Philadelphia Pittsburgh I
hope you're not out there going NL
please name my safe I'll give you one
for Ohio Cincinnati Cleveland you got a
couple of big cities in there if we're
getting down into life I'm just going to
avoid offending as many people as
possible if we're to start with this I
think you can see we're going to die
that takes us to six lives and then we
bust through here again and then we take
this so we can fly a little light on HP
but this is like we're in a great spot
in terms of like damage without a doubt
I'm going to just say it f tear State
Delaware I know if you live in Delaware
you're like that's not fair we're the
first state you know take it from me I
grew up in a city and our claim to fame
there are two claims of Fame one is
biggest mall between Toronto and
Montreal second we were the first
capital of Canada back when they were
like you know four provinces and we were
worried about the Americans invading
some things never change
oh yeah princely and puberty closing in
on an HP upgrade that's going to be a
spirit hardness relatively meaningless
but still we gotta explore here it's a
bad look I'm just going to own up to it
you know the same thing people would be
like oh you grew up in Kingston it's so
small I'd be like hey we've got the
biggest mall between Toronto and
Montreal if you were do sometimes we get
mid-tier artists that play concerts in
Toronto and Montreal and then do a
stopover in Kingston for a little bit
they're like a if we're here we might as
well make some money that ain't so bad
and you know what it ain't so bad you
get a little bit of the cultural runoff
I liked it I'm proud of where I grew up
I like the town the Delaware you got to
take it from me probably the most
forgotten American state in the sparkle
quizzes of can you name 50 American
states right just I'm throwing it out
there's a couple other ones I got to
give it to you know what I'm going to
elevate you from zis here to ft or Rhode
Island because I hear that Providence
Rhode Island has fantastic
Pizza so you're lucky we're it not for
the pizza you know what I'm gonna take
you down to the Z's here because I just
remember that family guys set there so
I'm sorry you know I'm sure you whether
you're like I would get it a lot sense
you know what I'm willing to take a
gamble on this this is we're playing
with fire at this point Kevin Federline
style why Rhode Island well it's not
that I got anything against you it's
just you know why does your island to
get to be a state you're the only states
not called Hawaii Island
it's not called Floridian Peninsula the
Rhode Island apparently gets to have
island in its name without ever you know
facing repercussions for it I don't buy
it that's why you're in the Z's here but
you know Providence if used to seed the
world's your oyster as far as I'm
concerned I just want to point out in
case it's not abundantly clear all of
this is hanging cheek except for
Delaware I feel for you but New
Hampshire come on New Hampshire Maine
just become part of Massachusetts
I'm not even know if you're next to
Massachusetts I just know you're in the
general vicinity just you know forsake
your own individual identity for the
sake of someone from abroad being able
to understand American geography that
much better you know you could say Oh
America we got 50 states but really well
this is I'm a little scared here
you can cut a couple of those out
without it being like a big deal right
I'm not saying cut them out like
eliminate the people who live there I'm
just saying you know why not why not
merge like say what you will about
Canada there's only a couple of parts of
the country where if you were going
through is like if a hoarding expert
came through they would be like okay
come on Nova Scotia New Brunswick get
together you guys like you're going to
become one of the same no nothing but
respect for my folks down in the
Maritimes I understand you've got unique
cultural identities I'm just saying from
abroad map building perspective it
called it causes a little bit of a
cumbersome Mis which is not an
expression but you get the idea right
Ontario huge Quebec huge very culturally
unique is the way I'm going to phrase
that I've been to Quebec many times I
like it it's it's definitely its own
unique area within Canada which is cool
Manitoba enormous Saskatchewan
rectangular also pretty enormous Alberta
enormous culturally unique we have so
many spiders on love in life so we want
to kill things as quickly as possible
without using flies and spiders and then
we're doubling our flies and spiders is
this correct like I don't even want to
fight these guys I'd rather just leave
after getting all the stuff that we can
get to try to keep our spider game as
high as it can be British Columbia
obviously huge that's probably not the
way that you should evaluate the stuff I
can't believe we're 12 minutes into this
video I'm still talking about this but I
mean look we got brimstone 9lives lots
of great items compost is you know it's
raising a tomb of the Spider Queen army
for me that's a reference to heroes of
the storm I'm sorry
here's the storm is he like a can't win
situation man first off I know it's true
because as soon as I brought this up I
felt a collective eye roll from the
audience but for people who like MOBAs a
lot of the touch' pick that up obviously
a lot of the time they look at heroes of
the storm I go as a baby MOBA I find
this sentiment very strange to me
because I don't understand what the
problem is was playing a casualized
version of a video game genre that's
still pretty hardcore
what what percentage of dota players go
pro like point zero zero one percent one
in a hundred thousand maybe it's not
like I'm I play video games to trick my
brain into thinking that I'm
accomplishing things without actually
accomplishing them and here's the storm
allows me to accomplish that faster so I
don't feel like there's any noteworthy
snob enos that makes any sense there but
I digress not insulting dota either a
game that I have you know more hours and
I'd like to admit
probably other I definitely have more
hours in rebirth I checked the other day
I have 2200 hours in rebirth almost 100
real-time days that's a frightening
stead but I mean it is also like
basically my job so I accept that as
well anyway the point is I hate
sauerkraut another point is then the
other thing is people who don't like
MOBAs just look at it and they see a
mobile which is actually way more fair
than the alternative criticism play you
can't really win with heroes of the
storm but I like it I've been having fun
with it
and I think that's the important thing
as soon as I stop having fun with it as
soon as I feel the MOBA salt creep in
I'm like that's it for me today I think
it's like you have two people with a
personality like mine have to treat like
I want to I don't think I should
unfortunately you have to treat MOBA
like you know like a recovering
alcoholic treats alcohol which I mean I
actually don't know anything about I'm
assuming that abstinence is probably the
preferred course of action there which
doesn't fit with my point whatsoever but
you know as soon as you start to feel
yourself relapsing into MOBA salt and it
comes for everyone
I have never met anybody that played a
MOBA that wasn't frustrated by it as
soon as you feel that mobile assault
coming back which usually happens I
would say around lost number two for me
right now
I'm like I'm done it's like being in a
casino I'm like it's really fun until my
not even like me casino but unless it's
in Tower unite of course since I feel
that mobile assault come in you know
life's life's too short when I was when
I was 24 playing a lot of dota getting
that mobile assault and it felt it felt
okay I was like this is my leisure time
no one could tell me I can't hate by
leisure time now I'm like dude
everybody's going to die someday
I don't know if I want to be on my
deathbed being like I spent a hundred
hours being cheesed off at heroes of the
storm but anyway I digress still think
it's a good game a game that does a very
good job of curtailing the MOBA salt
because losing I mean I've had like nine
minute losses that's perfect for me if
you can get that salty over a video game
in nine minutes you got to take a deep
look inwards I think it's the thing plus
I don't play hero anyway we don't even
talk about this I still to this day do
not really understand how compost works
but I think if there's no consumables it
doubles the amount of flies and spiders
you have and if there's consumables it
turns the Flies and spiders
it turns the consumables into flies and
spiders so I do it I mean there's
nothing to offer in my own defense right
now the run is really good however Oh
however it's not great from a damage
standpoint which is not allowing me to
keep my fly and spider economy in the
place I'd like it to be in
our damage does get better with money
equals power I've been spending there
was a time where I had like 40-something
cents on this run so I'm not going to
deny I've been a little spendy spendy
bendy but I do have Steam sale as well
so hopefully we'll find an opportunity
to get that money back and if we can get
a lot of HP I didn't take gimpy so
that's going to hold us back but our
luck is not great either if I if I get
enough HP which should be a great start
thank you I might consider giving the
hush a try we don't have any keys I
might consider giving the hush a try for
the first time on this save file and you
know this is the the benefit of having a
new save file is I'm sort of excited to
fight the hush that hasn't happened in a
long time okay not helped down speed up
lovey shouldn't have you take any input
I mean there's there's some temptation
here I won't deny it but I think we just
blow them up hopefully get some money
all right
what do we get here I think it comes
down to an experimental treatment or
outbreak and I'm going to go out break
and to be honest Lee was not even that
close if I if I had more syringes I
would I would give the time of day to
experimental treatment but with no
syringes it was just a little too risky
so I fully intend I intended the wrong
word I fully expect to lose like all of
our flies over the course of this all of
our flies and spiders the more the
merrier but
don't have high hopes for that but all
we got to do you know this isn't this is
not about our own personal enjoyment to
some extent right now this is all about
knocking this off the to-do list not so
we never have to do it again but so it's
done and we can get the on lock
basically because you know boss rush is
something that I mostly enjoy doing this
should not be the most difficult boss
rush of all time it's just going to be a
I mean save that for the keeper boss
rush that's inevitably going to happen
here at some point but should be it
should be a situation where we want to
pay attention to what's going on around
us because like for example maybe try
not running into those enemies because
every time you do that you just send
yourself yeah see it like the problem is
can't take that much damage right now at
that time you just walked right into it
well it's actually if we if we fail boss
rush we don't fail to run which is the
nice kind of safety net to have plus I
do feel like boss rush has been sort of
shorter I don't know if it's because we
have less bosses unlocked or whatever
but I feel like we've been getting a lot
less waves but maybe just my waves have
been so good so far and I'll I mean I'm
just making something up that someone in
chat might say at this point but it's
good for the bit will you rate Canadian
provinces no you see I can rank American
states because I'm largely ignorant and
going almost exclusively off of my own
bias and prejudices and that means that
I have a level of plausible deniability
if I start rating Canadian provinces
it's going to get too real you know I
support you no matter where you are in
this country there are some provinces I
love I love British Columbia
I like Ontario there's some provinces I
wouldn't say that I'm not fond of but
some provinces that I personally would
not necessarily be the number one
to live there I think Li I don't I don't
know if I would fit in and Alberta I
know it's a cosmopolitan place just like
Texas but I don't know if I fit the
Albertan mold I fit the British Columbia
mold because I'm like like a begrudging
hipster although I don't ski much at
least if I if I skied more I'd fit the
mold 100% I would just be the mold I
thought there was oh it's just this guy
no big deal we should have like three
waves left plus the other thing is I can
I can rank American states and even
people from outside of America will be
like I know you know I I get an image in
my mind when you say next a second an
image in my mind when you say Carolina I
get no image in my mind and you say
Delaware and thus I agree with you and
now why do you hate Delaware so much I
don't know why don't you I'm going to
make a terrible pun with it name of the
capital city of Delaware which is Dover
you can fill in the blanks for yourself
and then I thought better of it at the
last possible moment hey I'm going to
need you to be the final wave please
how about you
pins no biggie you might be watching
this run thinking that I'm playing like
garbage
cool and I don't even necessarily think
you're wrong I don't think I played as
well as I could have however have we
gotten a single damage upgrade over the
course of this whole freaking run I
don't believe so
money equals power sure but that's a
little indirect and that one I
I just couldn't see him and I made a Mis
play that's on me oh well uh okay I'll
take a free contract from below still
got one life left
that's a bummer I don't think were going
to fight hocheiser but if we get we've
already gotten a little bit unlocked on
this run let's let's try to get some
more slightly bummed out the reality of
the situation is we probably didn't need
to take every deal with the devil as it
showed up the other bummer is we like we
blew through our whole stake of flies
and spiders which could have been a big
competitive advantage for us moving
forward here but you know we'll just
have to rebuild
I give Bob's brain very little credit
for destroying us here I think you know
I got to own up to that responsibility
myself okay looking all right here we
should be picking up coins but also
getting a fly for a coin seems like a
pretty solid deal this is what I was
hoping for is like compost nine-fold
would just be disgustingly good it seems
pretty great
good pills please speed down not that
bad forty-eight hour energy well we know
what everything else is health up we'll
take two to range downs in a fool card I
think we just double grabbed this again
I don't know this is doubling but add
add some I guess it's a better way to
describe it and then we'll take the fool
card with us we could have converted
everything in there but I kind of want
the fool card could give me a free curse
room basically and not necessarily
expecting like mad goofy payouts but
whatever we can get in a curse room that
actually provides us with some benefit
is okay in my books and remember we've
got a hundred percent deal with the
devil chance so
all right so we're going to lose almost
all of our spiders got a damage upgrade
that may or may not work with the
brimstone we're actually fairly dialed
in right now and we sort of have to be
like 5 damage even with brimstone is not
knocking it out of the ballpark at this
point so we're going to have the chance
to do a hush fight but the odds of it I
would say are fairly low the other being
a good idea are fairly low at this point
now sometimes that can stop me and
sometimes it won't like that for now I
think it's done trying to pick up
whatever money we can get as well that's
the other thing I guess if we go to the
hush fight we're going to like we're
going to spend money which is going to
Mill our damage and start to cost me
even more than where we've already cost
ourselves here
even outbreak has not been like a ten
out of ten for us dude this is like
super great I think okay just walk in
here this we need to go back to the pool
card
dude there's too many batteries I can't
go anywhere without accidentally turning
turning a battery into something that's
not a battery we really want the battery
right now so like compost compost nice
little spider army without a doubt okay
that's done what's our card it's another
48 hour energy I use it pop it again I
might be using this inefficiently I'm
still not the master of compost although
I do collect my organics and
biodegradable and deposit them in the
green bin told you to grudging hipster
you know like caring about the planet
doesn't make you a hipster I refuse to
buy into that notion cuz I think that
just gives people an excuse to not
recycle recycling is not a it's not a
cultural or political decision it's just
putting things in the right place
I want to be a good influence on you and
I I don't think I'm always innocent in
that department you know I did say a
friend stopped sending me pictures of
your kids I don't care but that's just
that's honestly to a fault okay
you should recycle you should eat off of
not paper plates whenever possible I
don't want to I'm not going to be the
twitch streamer and it would be probably
a mildly beneficial financial decision
to do this so know that I'm not doing
this to be you know profit seeking I
suppose is the best word to use I don't
want to enable your poor life choices I
make poor life choices as well in
certain departments last time I like
deliberately God exercises far too long
ago for me to even want to admit it
let's go down instead of going to the
hospitai get more to unlocked here but I
want you to feel shame about that the
same way I feel shame about that well we
got we unlock it lives does that mean
we've unlocked Sheol and the Cathedral
or yes show on the Cathedral I don't
know we all liked about a million things
though so that's a start
mama's boy achieved that's amazing thank
you compost I thought for sure we got
hit down there but I guess not because I
think that and you know this might sound
ridiculous I think shame can be a good
motivator
I don't think it's necessarily the
healthiest motivator but I think it
could be a good motivator I think a
healthy sense of shame can be important
you know you ever seen a show called
shameless it's not a story about a man
who's got his life together is it the
story about a girl who cried a river and
drown the whole world he's done he has
he's done it and then been rebuked in
the final hour excuse me to be shameless
as a I think being shameless is is to be
insecure to be honest with you you just
opted out of trying at that point and
that's that's the sad thing I want us to
know deep down inside that we're trash
human beings look can always be better I
mean you hear the rant about the cars
recently anyway not the cars they're
fine gotta do Birds is cool Jesus
where's there's no bones I can't really
do a good cars impression as you can
tell my best friend's girlfriend
that's not a good Rick oka check and she
used to be mine but increase into okay
we should look at the card but we're
actually like we should have look at the
cards first
we're actually relatively okay here now
after things look pretty dicey
I'm not going to even say that I played
badly through the back half of this run
you know knowing now that we actually
unlock mama's boy there's really no way
we could have played better from a
dodging standpoint so just stack up a
little extra HP here and go for broke I
think it's a lot of spiders
I do wish the spiders did a little bit
more damage but I guess they're just
what I needed I needed Circuit City I
guess they're just what I needed I
needed buy batteries
all right okay good stuff we've done it
great work team kind of a scary run at
times there but a fun run nonetheless
forget-me-now has been unlocked the
negative is appeared that the negative
is superior base well how do we get the
Polaroid I'm losing it's all backwards
hey for now though thanks for watching
hope you guys enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button helps out a
great deal and of course subscribe you
wanna see more in the future for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time